DocuBlocks for shard distribution endpoints (#14066)
arangodb/arangodb: Documentation/DocuBlocks/Rest/Database/get_api_database_shard_distribution.md

@startDocuBlock get_api_database_shard_distribution

> @brief allows to query the shard distribution statistics of the current database in the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@brief provides the shard distribution statistics of the current database in the cluster
```
